README.md, before:

# Simple Chat Room

Welcome to the Simple Chat Room, a straightforward platform for seamless communication. Here, you can easily connect with others, create and manage groups, and enjoy a hassle-free chat experience.

## Basic Commands

### List Your Groups

Check the groups you're currently part of.

**Command:**
```bash
!list_group [self]
```

### Create a New Group

Initiate a new group with a specific name.

**Command:**
```bash
!create_group name_of_group
```

### Join an Existing Group

Become a member of an existing group.

**Command:**
```bash
!join_group name_of_group
```

### Leave a Group

Exit from a group. Make sure to join a group before using this command.

**Command:**
```bash
!leave_group
```
*Note: Please join the group first.*

### Delete a Group

Remove a group. Ensure you are part of the group you want to delete.

**Command:**
```bash
!delete_group
```
*Note: Please join the group that you want to delete.*

### List Your Mails

View a list of your received mails.

**Command:**
```bash
!list_mail
```

### Invite a User to Your Group

Send an invitation to a specific user to join your group.

**Command:**
```bash
!invite name_of_user
```

### Logout

Logout from the chat room.

**Command:**
```bash
!logout
```

Feel free to explore and enjoy your chat experience! If you have any questions or need assistance, use the appropriate command or reach out to our support team. Happy chatting!

Commit message:

add SQL schema and schema comment in README

README.md, after:

# Simple Chat Room

Welcome to the Simple Chat Room, a straightforward platform for seamless communication. Here, you can easily connect with others, create and manage groups, and enjoy a hassle-free chat experience.

**IMPORTANT**

Please create table in MySQL database followed by provided schema.

## Basic Commands

### List Your Groups

Check the groups you're currently part of.

**Command:**
```bash
!list_group [self]
```

### Create a New Group

Initiate a new group with a specific name.

**Command:**
```bash
!create_group name_of_group
```

### Join an Existing Group

Become a member of an existing group.

**Command:**
```bash
!join_group name_of_group
```

### Leave a Group

Exit from a group. Make sure to join a group before using this command.

**Command:**
```bash
!leave_group
```
*Note: Please join the group first.*

### Delete a Group

Remove a group. Ensure you are part of the group you want to delete.

**Command:**
```bash
!delete_group
```
*Note: Please join the group that you want to delete.*

### List Your Mails

View a list of your received mails.

**Command:**
```bash
!list_mail
```

### Invite a User to Your Group

Send an invitation to a specific user to join your group.

**Command:**
```bash
!invite name_of_user
```

### Logout

Logout from the chat room.

**Command:**
```bash
!logout
```

Feel free to explore and enjoy your chat experience! If you have any questions or need assistance, use the appropriate command or reach out to our support team. Happy chatting!
